Welcome to Snake And Ladder Game

Date : 20 Dec 2014
Developer : Alpesh


Before you start Please read following points carefully.

There are 2 options on starting of the game

1. Default Game Board
2. Customizable Game Board

Default Game Board

	In This you will get following Elements.
	
	1. 10 X 12 Board
	2. 7 Snakes
	3. 8 Ladders
	4. 2 Players (Alpesh & Jack)

Customizable Game Board

	With this option you can configure whole game elements as follow.
	For this document we are considering 10 X 12 Size Board (total 120) points
	
	1). Board : (10 X 12 Size)
	
		In this option you need to provide following items
		a). No. Of Rows
		b). No Of Columns
	
		Note : 
		- Row and Column must be between 10 to 12 (both inclusive)
	
	2). Snakes : (7 Snakes)
		In this option you need to provide following items.
		a).Total Number of Snakes on a board
		b).Head and Tail position of each Snake
	
		Note:-
		- Head position can not be winning position (120 in this case)
		- Tail position can not be 1
		- There must unique snake Head at one position.
		- You have to add all snake position.
		- Head and Tail position can not be same
		- Minimum you have to enter 5 snakes
		- Maximum you can have 10 Snakes 
	
	
	3). Ladders : (8 Ladders)
		In this option you need to provide following items
		a). Total Number of Ladders
		b). Bottom and Top position of each Ladder
	
		Note:-
		- Bottom position can not be 1
		- Top position can not be winning position
		- There must be unique bottom entry
		- Bottom and Top position can not be same
		- You have to add all Ladder entry
		- Minimum you have to enter 5 ladders
		- Maximum you can have 10 ladders
	
	
	
	4). Players : (2 Players)
		In this option you need to provide following items
		a). Name of player
	
		Note:-
		- You must have to enter 2 players
		- You can have maximum 3 players

Note :-

1). Snake Head, Ladder Top , Snake tail and Ladder Bottom position is not permitted.
2). You have to enter all the details otherwise you will not be able to play
i.e. if 7 snakes then you have to enter all position for 7 snakes
      if 7 ladders then you have to enter all position for 8 ladders

3). There is only on Die, and it will have value between 1 to 6.
4). If you are at snake head position then it will move you to down.
5). If you are at ladder bottom position then it will climb you on top.
6). If any player choose the quit then you game will be over. And looser will be the Game quitter.







